In this lecture we will look at a summary of what we learned.
Let's recap what we learned in this section.
First we took a closer look at HVM images.
We learned that we could add a fallback text to an image that will display if the browser has a problem
displaying the image.
We also learned how to add a tool tip to our image that will display when the user hovers over the image
with their cursor.
We looked at how we can position elements to the left or right of text using the float style property
Eddy or image to the body of a figure.
Element allows us to add a caption using the FIG caption tag.
We then saw that the image element also supports animated images.
Finally we looked at the picture aliment which allows us to add several images that can potentially
be displayed and then allows the browser to choose which image to display based on a specified minimum
worth.
Next we looked at videos and HVM all we learned about the video tag how we could edge sources of types
simply for web am and old G.G. and we looked at several attributes that we can use to customize the
way that the user can interact with the video embedded into our web page.
The controls attribute allows the user controls to the video such as playing pausing and enlarging the
video.
The auto play attribute plays the video automatically as soon as the web page loads the loop batch of
beaute loops to video so that it starts playing as soon as it finishes.
The muted attribute mutes the video the poster attribute allows us to display an image thumbnail that
will fill the video window until the user heads play.
The preload attribute allows us to specify how if at all the web page should pre-load the video once
the web page loads.
We also looked at how we can embed YouTube videos into our Web page YouTube videos support for attributes
auto play controls loop and play list.
In contrast to regular videos YouTube videos take these attributes as Querrey string parameters appended
to the end of their source your URL.
Next we learn that we can use the audio tag to embed audio into our HDMI web page HVM supports 3 types
of audio files.
MP 3 old G.G. and wave audio elements support attributes.
Auto play controls loop muted and preload and these attributes behave very similarly to those used with
the video tag.
Then we took a closer look at HVM else I-frame element which we can use to embed other web pages into
our webpage.
If we want to remove the frame border that is displayed around the time frame by default we can use
the frame border attribute and give it a value of zero.
After that we looked at the canvas element in HCM all the canvas is very useful for building interactive
media content like games and animations.
We learn that canvases have a context which is the drawing surface of the canvas when we call methods
that draw on the canvas.
We actually call them on the Cambyses context.
We learn how to render images text shapes and gradients onto the canvas.
Finally we looked at how we can render scalable vector graphics or SVGA an HMO.
We learned that vector graphics can scale up or down indefinitely without losing any image quality.
We learned how we can render rectangles circles and even text to the web page using SVGA.
We then compared and contrasted HVM l canvas versus SPG and concluded that the canvas is best used when
creating complex animations or interactive games and the SVGA is best used when you want to display
static text or shapes on the webpage in the next section.
We will learn about several more H.M.S. tags we can make use of when creating web page content.